docs: Developer-Guide build a custom Kata agent with musl (#3732)
kata-containers/kata-containers: docs/Developer-Guide.md

>
> - You should only do this step if you are testing with the latest version of the agent.

> The rust-agent is built with a static linked `musl.` The default rust component used is `musl`, but on `ppc64le` and `s390x`,
> `gnu` should be used. To configure this:

Reviewer: Thanks, very kind @YchauWang! I think we can do some grammar fixes while we're here:
```suggestion
The agent is built with a statically linked `musl.` The default libc used is `musl`, but on `ppc64le` and `s390x`,
`gnu` should be used. To configure this:
```

(we haven't supported the Go agent in a long time, I think it's time to stop calling it "the Rust agent" like that's something extraordinary.)

Author: Thanks, @Jakob-Naucke.

```
export ARCH=$(uname -m)
[ ${ARCH} == "ppc64le" ] || [ ${ARCH} == "s390x" ] && export LIBC=gnu || export LIBC=musl

> [ ${ARCH} == "ppc64le" ] && export ARCH=powerpc64le

Reviewer 2: Thanks! for consistency i believe "$ " should be pre-appended before each command
also, is setting ARCH=powerpc64le may mess some of the build scripts?

Reviewer 3: Yes, I appreciate there wasn't one there before (which is a bug), but please could you add the shell prompt prefix as documented in:

- https://github.com/kata-containers/kata-containers/blob/main/docs/Documentation-Requirements.md#code-blocks

Author: Thanks @snir911 and @jodh-intel. And if ARCH=powerpc64le, we didn't need to ln musl-g++

Reviewer 4: > also, is setting ARCH=powerpc64le may mess some of the build scripts?

@snir911, AFAIU, the build scripts are taking care of handling the `ARCH`.

Reviewer 5: > Yes, I appreciate there wasn't one there before (which is a bug), but please could you add the shell prompt prefix as documented in:
> 
> * https://github.com/kata-containers/kata-containers/blob/main/docs/Documentation-Requirements.md#code-blocks

I wonder why we have this requirement. It does not add much clarity for anybody capable of correctly parsing

```
[ ${ARCH} == "ppc64le" ] || [ ${ARCH} == "s390x" ] && export LIBC=gnu || export LIBC=musl
```

On the other hand, it makes it more difficult to copy-paste code blocks from the documentation into a shell.

>
> - You should only do this step if you are testing with the latest version of the agent.

The agent is built with a statically linked `musl.` The default `libc` used is `musl`, but on `ppc64le` and `s390x`, `gnu` should be used. To configure this:

```
$ export ARCH=$(uname -m)
$ if [ "$ARCH" = "ppc64le" -o "$ARCH" = "s390x" ]; then export LIBC=gnu; else export LIBC=musl; fi
$ [ ${ARCH} == "ppc64le" ] && export ARCH=powerpc64le
$ rustup target add ${ARCH}-unknown-linux-${LIBC}

> $ [ ${LIBC} == "musl" ] && sudo ln -s /usr/bin/g++ /bin/musl-g++

Reviewer: While we're at it (sorry :sweat_smile:), this `ln` appears to be a relic from the Go agent. Rust does not require this.

Author: @Jakob-Naucke  @snir911 could you help me confirm this `ln -s /usr/bin/g++ /bin/musl-g++` not requre?
https://github.com/kata-containers/kata-containers/blob/6a9e5f90f7b69c3c519087106f3b136e3253852b/tools/osbuilder/scripts/lib.sh#L275

Author: #3682

>
> - You should only do this step if you are testing with the latest version of the agent.

The agent is built with a statically linked `musl.` The default libc used is `musl`, but on `ppc64le` and `s390x`,
`gnu` should be used. To configure this:

```
$ export ARCH=$(uname -m)

> $ [ ${ARCH} == "ppc64le" ] || [ ${ARCH} == "s390x" ] && export LIBC=gnu || export LIBC=musl

Reviewer 5: There are several problems with this line:

* If `$ARCH` is not defined, then you get an error, `bash: [: ==: unary operator expected`
* It does not parse for someone running `zsh`: `zsh: = not found`
* The braces around `${ARCH}` add nothing to readability IMHO
* The sequence of logical operators, some being used as tests, other being used as statements, is "cute" but really more obscure than we would want in a documentation.

For these reasons, I suggest the following alternative:

```
 if [ "$ARCH" = "ppc64le" -o "$ARCH" = "s390x" ]; then export LIBC=gnu; else export LIBC=musl; fi
```

This is assuming that we want to default to `musl` if `$ARCH` is not set.

Author: Thanks @c3d , it's better.
